Update contribution guide (#162)
cyberark/summon: CHANGELOG.md

## [0.8.2] - 2020-06-23
### Added
- Added `--version-providers` tag to display versions of providers 

>   [#138](https://github.com/cyberark/summon/issues/138)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [cyberark/summon#138](https://github.com/cyberark/summon/issues/138)
```

## [0.8.2] - 2020-06-23
### Added
- Summon now supports a `--version-providers` flag to display the versions of installed providers.
  [cyberark/summon#138](https://github.com/cyberark/summon/issues/138)
- Summon supports a `--up` flag that searches for secrets.yml going up, starting from the
  current working directory. This allows the secrets.yml file to be at any directory depth in a
  project, and it is no longer required to be in the current working directory if not specified
  with the `-f` flag.

>   [#122](https://github.com/cyberark/summon/issues/122)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [cyberark/summon#122](https://github.com/cyberark/summon/issues/122)
```

## [0.8.2] - 2020-06-23
### Added

> - Added `--version-providers` tag to display versions of providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Summon now supports a `--version-providers` flag to display the versions of installed providers.
```

  [cyberark/summon#138](https://github.com/cyberark/summon/issues/138)

> - Added ability to search for secrets.yml going up, starting from the current working directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Summon supports a `--up` flag that searches for secrets.yml going up, starting from the
  current working directory. This allows the secrets.yml file to be at any directory depth in a
  project, and it is no longer required to be in the current working directory if not specified
  with the `-f` flag.
```
